Transcript


Search in video
Intro
glasses are going to be the next major
Computing platform is we're going to get
to this point probably sometime in the
2030s where you have your phone with you
but it's going to stay in your pocket
more because you're just going to be
doing more and more things on your
glasses that maybe today you would do on
your phone Mark I want to go back a bit
actually a long ways to when you first
built Facebook I believe you initially
built Facebook in PHP if you were to
build it today what programming language
would you choose I think if I'd built it
even like a year or two later would have
been python the first version of
Facebook was something I threw together
in like a couple of weeks based on like
a bunch of other stuff that I was
working on for fun looking ahe 100 years
from now what do you want to be
remembered for and what do you want meta
to be remembered for oh hi Mark how are
BIG announcements from Meta Connect
you today hey good to see you thanks for
coming to connect thanks for having me
today has been so exciting so many
amazing announcements I'm curious to
hear now I know this is like picking a
favorite child impossible but what are
some of your favorite announcements from
today oh man I mean there's a lot so I
mean Quest 3s at $299 that's awesome I
mean Quest 2 when we got to $300 that
was like a killer price point for that
so I I I I'm super proud of what we did
with Quest 3 and the high quality mixed
reality but getting it to $300 now I
think is going to be a really big deal
for a lot of people all the AI stuff I
think is a is a really big deal um the
voice is is I think you know it's just
so much more natural right now with Med
AI texted a few questions uh every day
but when I was playing around with it
with my daughters last night and we just
had like a 15minute conversation about
like what our family should be for
Halloween and and it's just like a
completely different vibe when you're
using it with voice so I think that's
going to be a big deal all the AI stuff
that we're bringing to the ray bands I
think is going to be neat and making it
so your glasses can help you remember
things um making it that now the glasses
can give you suggestions and help while
you're doing things whether it's cooking
or like picking out an outfit or
whatever you're doing and then obviously
Orion right I mean the I mean the I
Orion the first full holographic AR glasses
they're just crazy glasses right it's
like the first full wide field of view
holographic AR glasses it's um you not
ready to ship them yet as a consumer
product but you know we've been working
on that thing for like 10 years so it's
um so I'm I I'm really excited to just
get to show it to people I know I so I
got to try Orion
yesterday I was blown away speechless I
I wish I could put it into words but
first of all they're so lightweight I I
could picture myself wearing it the
entire day and how it would be useful
from waking up to
going to bed the gestures as well it
just came so naturally it was yeah the
neural interface is pretty sweet yeah it
really is so I'm I'm very excited about
that and uh everything else you listed
of course to yeah Mark I want to go back
What programming language would you choose to build Facebook in today
a bit actually a long ways to when you
first built Facebook I believe you
initially built Facebook in PHP correct
me if I'm wrong no that's correct if you
were to build it today what programming
language would you choose oh I think if
I'd built it even like a year or two
later it would have been python nice
but but you're just talking about the
website I mean now if you're starting
something it would probably be mobile
first today yes and cuz I mean obviously
that Paradigm changed right over the you
know by you know 2010 or something most
development was mobile and I don't know
and the answer will change in the future
it'll be whatever um programming
language is the most important for the
glasses exactly in the future I mean
it's that was another thing we launched
the mixed reality version of Instagram
and and Facebook today which I think is
going to be awesome it's like you just
get this big screen experience of feed
and reals but yeah um I PHP it's it's
it's it was easy to hack around it and
it was just sort of like the development
environment that I had the most set up
back then I did like all these fun
projects and you know the first version
Mark Zuckerberg on his early days at college
of Facebook was something I threw
together in like a couple of weeks based
on like a bunch of other stuff that I
was working on for fun when I was when I
was in school class um stuff around I
mean I did a bunch of pranks a bunch of
a bunch of study tools a bunch of um
different stuff for the for my for my
school around um helping people figure
out what classes they should take all
that but I was just constantly building
stuff it was fun that's really cool that
sounds I'm I'm in that stage right now
constantly building stuff it's fun it is
fun yeah and it's and it's clearly never
changed for you you're always iterating
building like building stuff yeah ex
The importance of experimenting and building new things
it's good to not get you know especially
the the phase like you're talking about
it's like trying like experimenting with
a lot of stuff lets you figure out what
resonates right rather than just yeah
just going kind of committing too early
to something I like that speaking of
Mark Zuckerberg on the importance on open source AI
coding and Technology I know you're
you're very uh passionate about open uh
Source AI totally I'm curious to hear
why was it so important to you to ensure
llama was open source yeah well we've
done a lot of Open Source work uh at
meta over the years and I mean honestly
i' I'd like to say that it's because
like we had some amazing Vision on this
but a lot of it was just because you
know we got started after a lot of the
other big tech companies and they had
this great infrastructure and by the
time that we built it
um it wasn't you know a proprietary
Advantage for us so our view was and
this goes back to like our server
designs everything early on so it was
just like okay we might as well open
source this so that way we can get the
benefit of the whole Community using
this um and the improvements that
everyone brings but you know if you go
back to the beginning of of Facebook and
a lot of the infrastructure that we
built like Google already had kind of
proprietary closed versions of all the
infrastructure that we needed to build
it just kind of made sense so we had a
lot of experience with that and how it
was really useful for us and by the time
we got to AI models just like okay well
making all of our other infrastructure
is generally making it all open source
has generally been good for us so let's
try that with llama and it's been good
it's been very good I know myself and
millions of other developers are very
happy that it's open source what are
What are some of the coolest projects built on Llama
some of the coolest projects you've seen
developers build on llama well I mean
people f- tune it to do a lot of crazy
things right so a lot of the stuff um I
don't even necessarily realize is llama
until a developer or an entrepreneur
comes up to me later and is like oh this
like is this foundational part of how
like recommendations or um or how we
solve this problem in our app and it's
like in in all different domains
Commerce music I mean it's yeah I mean
just it's it's like but that's that's
the thing that's so neat about AI is it
is like the ultimate General technology
right um it's the difference between
kind of traditional machine learning
applications and general intelligence is
that it can be used for all these
different uh you know just basically
every domain 100% And it enables so many
people in different domains to you know
build different things help with
different tasks it's it's really
incredible yeah Mark I'm curious to hear
Orion AR glasses build process
so going back to Orion for a sec uh I
know I mentioned earlier it kind of blew
my mind so I'd love to hear more uh
about your thoughts around it you
mentioned I think it was how long it was
in the works for quite a few years is
that right oh yeah I think we got
started working on this around 2014 wow
now I mean that was when the Oculus team
first joined us yeah and they obviously
weren't working on AR I mean they had
the Oculus team was working on PC VR so
it's been quite a few leaps from you
know what we were that team what we were
originally doing to this but the vision
has been pretty consistent we knew we
needed Standalone headsets um for for
mixed reality
um and we knew that glasses were the
ultimate form factor that we were going
for So
within maybe a year two of of um really
spinning up that effort started working
on the glasses version of it and then
obviously you know you start off with a
small team and they're exploring and
then you kind of figure out what will be
possible and um in the in the early days
of working on something you're more just
figuring out what are all the challenges
that we need to solve and it's like okay
we're going to need a new display stack
with wave guides and projectors it's
like okay so now we need to go build a
team around who are the best people who
are doing wave guides and who are the
best people are doing projectors and
we're going to need to design our own
custom silicon so okay who are the best
people who could do custom silicon and
all these different things so it was an
effort that just kind of built over time
but it's something that we've been
thinking about and working towards for
10 years wow that's incredible when I
was when I had them on and I was going
Could Orion glasses replace our phones
through different demos with it one of
my immediate thoughts was I wonder if
this could potentially replace my phone
I'm curious to hear your thoughts on
that well I think glasses are going to
be the next major Computing platform but
each new platform doesn't tend to just
replace the old one right so I guess the
the version of this that I think about
is like you probably have this
experience often where you're sitting at
your desk and you have your computer
there yet you still pull out your phone
to do things that's true yes okay so at
some point in the last 10 years years
mobile really became the primary
Computing platform we didn't get rid of
our computers it's just that even when
you have it you still do more things on
your phone so what I think is going to
happen with glasses is we're going to
get to this point probably sometime in
the 2030s where you have your phone with
you it's but it's going to stay in your
pocket more because you're just going to
be doing more and more things on your
glasses that maybe today you would do on
your phone you'll reach a point where
you know just like with your computer
there probably some things that could be
done in a richer way or or better in
some way on your phone but you're just
going to the glasses will be your main
Computing platform and that will be kind
of your default go-to thing and then
maybe over time you get to this point
where people just don't bring their
phone with them everywhere but but I
think that's really far down the line I
think we're going to have our phone for
a while it just it'll stay in the pocket
more I like that I like that and maybe
that was just me being uh you know I
always lose my phone or forget it so I
was like okay this could be good for me
no but I think a lot of people have this
perception that an order for glasses to
win phones must lose and I don't think
that that's true right it's just like
like computers didn't have to lose for
phones to win 100% um so I I think that
there glasses will become the next main
Computing platform because of their
ubiquity and integration into our lives
um not because we somehow are going to
decide consciously that we don't want to
use phones as much yes I love that
perspective Mark last question I have
for you looking ahead 100 years from now
What does Mark Zuckerberg want to be remembered for and Meta to be remembered for?
what do you want to be remembered for
and what what do you want meta to be
remembered for oh I don't know I
mean what our company is I mean we're a
technology
company that you know builds different
things to help people connect right so
and that takes the form of different
things over time so it started with
websites then it was various mobile apps
the apps focused on feeds and messaging
and profiles and like all these things
and that functionality evolved over time
and now we're focused on building more
of the fundamental platforms around how
people will connect
I imagine that whole thing will just
continue evolving yes I would guess that
if you look back you know 20 30 years
from now we're still going to be a
technology company right we're not like
we're not an app company right it's you
know we're not just like focused on only
content right so we're focused on
primarily building the underlying
technology platform and I I think that
that's going to be true for for probably
as you know I mean and like certainly as
long as I'm doing this I mean it's tough
to foresee how things look after that
I also just want us to be a company that
builds awesome things and I would like
people to look back on us and say oh
they took a bunch of really big swings
and maybe not everything that they did
worked but a bunch of the stuff that
they did really kind of pushed the
industry and pushed the world in
different directions and that was cool I
like that Mark thank you so much for
your time yeah thank you
[Music]
